# vendor-init-readable
persist.radio.airplane_mode_on u:object_r:vr_radio_prop:s0 exact int
persist.radio.multisim.config u:object_r:vr_radio_prop:s0 exact any

# vendor-init-settable
af.fast_track_multiplier u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
camera.disable_zsl_mode u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact bool
camera.fifo.disable u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
dalvik.vm.appimageformat u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.backgroundgctype u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.checkjni u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact bool
dalvik.vm.dex2oat-Xms u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.dex2oat-Xmx u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.dex2oat-filter u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.dex2oat-flags u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.dex2oat-threads u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact int
dalvik.vm.dexopt.secondary u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact bool
dalvik.vm.execution-mode u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.extra-opts u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.gctype u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.heapgrowthlimit u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.heapmaxfree u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.heapminfree u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.heapsize u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.heapstartsize u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.heaptargetutilization u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.hot-startup-method-samples u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact int
dalvik.vm.image-dex2oat-Xms u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.image-dex2oat-Xmx u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.image-dex2oat-filter u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.image-dex2oat-flags u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.image-dex2oat-threads u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact int
dalvik.vm.isa.arm.features u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.arm.variant u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.arm64.features u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.arm64.variant u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.mips.features u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.mips.variant u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.mips64.features u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.mips64.variant u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.unknown.features u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.unknown.variant u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.x86.features u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.x86.variant u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.x86_64.features u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.isa.x86_64.variant u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.jitinitialsize u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.jitmaxsize u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.jitprithreadweight u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact int
dalvik.vm.jitthreshold u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact int
dalvik.vm.jittransitionweight u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact int
dalvik.vm.jniopts u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.lockprof.threshold u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact int
dalvik.vm.method-trace u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact bool
dalvik.vm.method-trace-file u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.method-trace-file-siz u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact int
dalvik.vm.method-trace-stream u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact bool
dalvik.vm.profilesystemserver u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact bool
dalvik.vm.stack-trace-dir u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
dalvik.vm.usejit u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact bool
dalvik.vm.usejitprofiles u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact bool
dalvik.vm.zygote.max-boot-retry u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact int
drm.service.enabled u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact bool
keyguard.no_require_sim u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact bool
media.recorder.show_manufacturer_and_model u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact bool
persist.config.calibration_fac u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
persist.dbg.volte_avail_ovr u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
persist.dbg.vt_avail_ovr u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
persist.dbg.wfc_avail_ovr u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
persist.rcs.supported u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib.2 u:object_r:vs_system_prop:s0 exact any
persist.sys.sf.color_saturation u:object_r:vs_system_prop:s0 exact any
pm.dexopt.ab-ota u:object_r:vs_pm_prop:s0 exact any
pm.dexopt.bg-dexopt u:object_r:vs_pm_prop:s0 exact any
pm.dexopt.boot u:object_r:vs_pm_prop:s0 exact any
pm.dexopt.first-boot u:object_r:vs_pm_prop:s0 exact any
pm.dexopt.install u:object_r:vs_pm_prop:s0 exact any
ro.adb.secure u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.audio.monitorRotation u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact bool
ro.boot.vendor.overlay.theme u:object_r:vs_overlay_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.wificountrycode u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.camera.notify_nfc u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.com.android.dataroaming u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact bool
ro.com.android.prov_mobiledata u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact bool
ro.com.google.clientidbase u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.config.alarm_alert u:object_r:vs_config_prop:s0 exact any
ro.config.media_vol_steps u:object_r:vs_config_prop:s0 exact int
ro.config.notification_sound u:object_r:vs_config_prop:s0 exact any
ro.config.ringtone u:object_r:vs_config_prop:s0 exact any
ro.control_privapp_permissions u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.cp_system_other_odex u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.crypto.scrypt_params u:object_r:vs_vold_prop:s0 exact any
ro.dalvik.vm.native.bridge u:object_r:vs_dalvik_prop:s0 exact any
ro.gfx.driver.0 u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.oem_unlock_supported u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.opengles.version u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.retaildemo.video_path u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.sf.lcd_density u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.storage_manager.enabled u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact bool
ro.telephony.call_ring.multiple u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact bool
ro.telephony.default_cdma_sub u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.telephony.default_network u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.url.legal u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.url.legal.android_privacy u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.zygote u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
sendbug.preferred.domain u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
sys.usb.controller u:object_r:vs_system_prop:s0 exact any
sys.usb.ffs.max_read u:object_r:vs_ffs_prop:s0 exact int
sys.usb.ffs.max_write u:object_r:vs_ffs_prop:s0 exact int
sys.usb.mtp.device_type u:object_r:vs_system_prop:s0 exact int
sys.usb.state u:object_r:vs_system_prop:s0 exact any
telephony.lteOnCdmaDevice u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
tombstoned.max_tombstone_count u:object_r:vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
vold.post_fs_data_done u:object_r:vs_vold_prop:s0 exact int

# vendor-init-actionable
#persist.sys.crash_rcu
#sys.boot_completed
#sys.usb.ffs.mtp.ready
#sys.usb.ffs.ready
#vts.native_server.on

# vendor-init-readable|vendor-init-actionable
sys.retaildemo.enabled u:object_r:vr_system_prop:s0 exact int

# vendor-init-settable|vendor-init-actionable
sys.usb.config u:object_r:vs_system_radio_prop:s0 exact any
sys.usb.configfs u:object_r:vs_system_radio_prop:s0 exact int

# public-readable
aac_drc_boost u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
aac_drc_cut u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
aac_drc_enc_target_level u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
aac_drc_heavy u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
aac_drc_reference_level u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
drm.64bit.enabled u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact bool
dumpstate.dry_run u:object_r:pr_dumpstate_prop:s0 exact bool
hal.instrumentation.enable u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact bool
init.svc.tombstoned u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
libc.debug.malloc.options u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
libc.debug.malloc.program u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
persist.sys.timezone u:object_r:pr_system_prop:s0 exact any
ro.arch u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.audio.ignore_effects u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact bool
ro.baseband u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.avb_version u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.baseband u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.bootdevice u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.bootloader u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.boottime u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.console u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.hardware u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.hardware.color u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.hardware.sku u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.keymaster u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.mode u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.vbmeta.avb_version u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.verifiedbootstate u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.veritymode u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.bootimage.build.date u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.bootimage.build.date.utc u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.bootimage.build.fingerprint u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.bootloader u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.date u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.date.utc u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.build.description u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.display.id u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.host u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.id u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.product u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.system_root_image u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact bool
ro.build.tags u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.user u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.version.base_os u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.version.codename u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.version.incremental u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.version.preview_sdk u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.build.version.release u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.version.sdk u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.build.version.security_patch u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.crypto.state u:object_r:pr_vold_prop:s0 exact any
ro.crypto.type u:object_r:pr_vold_prop:s0 exact any
ro.debuggable u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.hardware u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.brand u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.cpu.abi u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.cpu.abilist u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.device u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.manufacturer u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.model u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.name u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.property_service.version u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.revision u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
service.bootanim.exit u:object_r:pr_system_prop:s0 exact int
sys.boot_from_charger_mode u:object_r:pr_system_prop:s0 exact int
vold.decrypt u:object_r:pr_vold_prop:s0 exact any

# vendor-init-settable|public-readable
aaudio.hw_burst_min_usec u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
aaudio.minimum_sleep_usec u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
aaudio.mixer_bursts u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
aaudio.mmap_exclusive_policy u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
aaudio.mmap_policy u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
aaudio.wakeup_delay_usec u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
gsm.sim.operator.numeric u:object_r:pr_vs_radio_prop:s0 exact any
media.mediadrmservice.enable u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact bool
ro.board.platform u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.fake_battery u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.boot.hardware.revision u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.boot.slot_suffix u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.carrier u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.config.vc_call_vol_steps u:object_r:pr_vs_config_prop:s0 exact int
ro.frp.pst u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.activity_recognition u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.audio u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.audio.a2dp u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.audio.primary u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.audio.usb u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.audio_policy u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.bootctrl u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.camera u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.consumerir u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.context_hub u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.egl u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.fingerprint u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.flp u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.gatekeeper u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.gps u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.gralloc u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.hdmi_cec u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.hwcomposer u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.input u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.keystore u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.lights u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.local_time u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.memtrack u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.nfc u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.nfc_nci u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.nfc_tag u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.nvram u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.power u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.radio u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.sensors u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.sound_trigger u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.thermal u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.tv_input u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.type u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.vehicle u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.vibrator u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.virtual_device u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.hardware.vulkan u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.kernel.qemu u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.kernel.qemu.gles u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.product.board u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.cpu.abilist32 u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.cpu.abilist64 u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.first_api_level u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.product.vendor.brand u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.vendor.device u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.vendor.manufacturer u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.vendor.model u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.product.vendor.name u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.vendor.build.date u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.vendor.build.date.utc u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
ro.vendor.build.fingerprint u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.vndk.version u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.vts.coverage u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact int
wifi.direct.interface u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any
wifi.interface u:object_r:pr_vs_default_prop:s0 exact any

# vendor-init-actionable|public-readable
ro.boot.revision u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.bootmode u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
ro.build.type u:object_r:pr_default_prop:s0 exact any
sys.shutdown.requested u:object_r:pr_system_prop:s0 exact any
